Okay,
guys.
And welcome back the Olympians.
Okay,
so we come to the rock stars of Greek mythology,
the Olympians again.
We'll look at the big 12 so you'll need another Greek root with 12 stops.
Make sure you have something in there that will tell you that these are the Olympians.
May I use the Olympic rings?
But whatever you use is fine.
If it works for you,
remember,
Pause election if I'm going too fast.
Ready,
then let's go.
Zeus,
King of the gods and God of the sky.
Hearer Queen of the gods and goddess of marriage.
Poseidon,
God of the Seas de meter,
goddess of fertility,
agriculture,
nature and generally anything to do with growing Athena,
goddess of wisdom and knowledge.
Apollo,
God of light,
Our timis goddess of Hunting Aires,
God of war.
Aphrodite e goddess of love.
He feast this God of fire.
Hermes!
God of communication.
Diane Isis,
God of wine and celebration.
Want a guy?
Okay,
Have you got those?
Let's do a quick review.
Who wants King of the Gods and God of the Sky?
Zeus and Queen of the Gods and goddess of Marriage hero and the God of the seas.
Poseidon,
on the goddess of fertility.
Agriculture.
Generally anything to do with growing.
De Mita,
goddess of wisdom and knowledge.
Well,
that was Athena on the God of Light,
Apollo on the goddess of hunting.
That was our timis on the God of war.
Well,
that's Airy's.
On the goddess of love is Aphrodite E and the God of Fire.
That's he feast this on the God of communication.
Waas,
Hermes and finally,
Diane Isis.
What was he either got off wine and celebration.
How did you do?
Remember if he struggled with any?
Just go back and check your scene and use your knees for the sake of completeness.
Here's how I remember them being Zeus,
king of the gods and God of the sky.
I have a zoo in the sky for here at the Queen of the Gods and goddess of marriage.
I have a giant ear getting married.
Poseidon,
God of the Seas.
I have the movie The Poseidon Adventure,
The original with Ernest Borgnine de Meter,
goddess of fertility.
I have Demi Moore eating tractors,
agriculture.
Athena,
goddess of wisdom.
I have a card.
I have the card shop Athena filled with owls.
Wisdom on for Apollo,
the God of Light.
I have Apollo Creed from Rocky shining a torch.
And Artemis is the goddess of hunting.
I have Art Garfunkel hunting and areas the god of war.
I have the hair re bikers at war with each other.
There are a couple of chefs on UK TV.
Aphrodite,
a goddess civil.
If I have a Corinne Bailey Rae because she is an Afro and I love her,
he feast this God of fire.
I have a feast.
Ice cream are melting in a fire.
And Hermes Govert Communication.
I have a Hermes delivery van covered in satellite dishes on radio antenna communicator
Diane Isis at the God of Wine and celebration.
Absolutely.
Dion party.
And and I think that's the end.
Okay,
guys.
Well done.
Next,
we have a purely optional lecture.
The Olympians,
deep in your knowledge.
Okay.
I'll see you in the next lecture.